Add discovered application samples (#53)
RamenDR/ocm-ramen-samples: README.md

  - vm-dv - DataVolume based VM
  - vm-dvt - DataVolumeTemplate based VM

## Managed and discovered applications

*Ramen* can protect *OCM managed applications* and *OCM discovered
applications*.

### OCM managed applications

Deployed and undeployed by *OCM*, using either *Subsription* or

> *ApplciationSet* resources. *Ramen* take ownership of the application

Reviewer: s/take/takes

> when enabling DR, and return ownership to OCM when disabling DR. When DR

Reviewer: s/return/returns

> is enabled, *Ramen* control the placement of the application and backup

Reviewer: s/control/controls

and restore the application PVCs.

When failing over or relocating an *OCM managed application* to another

> cluster, *OCM* delete the application from the cluster and deploy it on

Reviewer: s/delete/deletes and s/deploy/deploys

the other cluster.

> ### OCM discovered applications*

Author: Trailing `*`

Deployed and undeployed by a user on a cluster using declarative or

> imperative means. An example is deploying one of the workloads in this
> repository using kubectl. Another example is creating a virtual machine

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
imperative means. An example is directly supplying one of the workload definitions in this
repository (Deployment, for example) to `kubectl apply`. Another example is creating a virtual machine
```

using KubeVirt console.

> *Ramen* take ownership of the application when enabling DR and return

Reviewer: plural changes in this and next paragraph too

are in the `ramen-ops` namespace.

To prepare the `ramen-ops` namespaces apply the managed clusterset
binding resource. This should be done once before enabling DR for
discovered applications.

```
kubectl apply -f dr/discovered/ramen-ops/binding.yaml --context hub
```

Example output:

```
managedclustersetbinding.cluster.open-cluster-management.io/default created
```

To enable DR for the application, apply the DR resources to the hub
cluster:

```
kubectl apply -k dr/discovered/deployment-rbd --context hub
```

Example output:

```
placement.cluster.open-cluster-management.io/deployment-rbd-placement created
placementdecision.cluster.open-cluster-management.io/deployment-rbd-placement-decision created
drplacementcontrol.ramendr.openshift.io/deployment-rbd-drpc created
```

To set the application placement, patch the placement decision resource
in the `ramern-ops` namespace on the hub:

```
kubectl patch placementdecision deployment-rbd-placement-decision \
    --subresource status \
    --patch '{"status": {"decisions": [{"clusterName": "dr1", "reason": "dr1"}]}}' \
    --type merge \
    --namespace ramen-ops \
    --context hub

> ```

Author: This step should not be needed if we remove the placemnt-decision.yaml - ramen will create a new configured resource automatically.
https://github.com/RamenDR/ramen/blob/d475bc759f4cb84b0fd823b9eea2b0b54b7c0364/controllers/drplacementcontrol_controller.go#L2116

Example output:

```
placementdecision.cluster.open-cluster-management.io/deployment-rbd-placement-decision patched (no change)
```

> At this point *Ramen* take over and start protecting the application.

Author: For completeness, we should show the drpc at this stage:

```
kubectl get drpc -l app=deployment-rbd -n ramen-ops --context hub
```

Example output:

```
NAME                  AGE   PREFERREDCLUSTER   FAILOVERCLUSTER   DESIREDSTATE   CURRENTSTATE
deployment-rbd-drpc   11m   dr1                                                 Deployed
```

*Ramen* creates a `VolumeReplicationGroup` resource in the `ramen-ops`
namespace in cluster `dr1`:

```

> kubectl get vrg -l app=deployment-rbd -n ramen-ops --context dr1

Author: This does not work:

```
$ kubectl get vrg -l app=deployment-rbd -n ramen-ops --context dr1
No resources found in ramen-ops namespace.
```

Because ramen does not label the vrg with the same label of the drpc. I think this works for OCM managed apps.

```

Example output:

```

> $ kubectl get vrg deployment-rbd-drpc -n ramen-ops --context dr1

Author: Command should move up, this is just the output.

```
kubectl get drpc deployment-rbd-drpc -n ramen-ops --context hub -o wide
```

Example output:

```
NAME                  AGE    PREFERREDCLUSTER   FAILOVERCLUSTER   DESIREDSTATE   CURRENTSTATE   PROGRESSION   START TIME             DURATION          PEER READY
deployment-rbd-drpc   103m   dr1                dr2               Relocate       Relocated      Completed     2024-06-04T19:25:52Z   3m46.040128192s   True
```

The relocate has completed, and the application data is replicated again
to the secondary cluster.

## Disable DR for a DR enabled OCM discovered application

Since OCM is not managing the application, we can simply delete the DR
resources:

```
kubectl delete -k dr/discovered/deployment-rbd --context hub
```

Example output:

```
placement.cluster.open-cluster-management.io "deployment-rbd-placement" deleted
placementdecision.cluster.open-cluster-management.io "deployment-rbd-placement-decision" deleted
drplacementcontrol.ramendr.openshift.io "deployment-rbd-drpc" deleted
```

This deletes the DR resources, disable replication and delete the
replicated data on the secondary cluster.

The application is still running on the primary cluster:

```

> $ kubectl get deploy,pod,pvc -n deployment-rbd --context dr1

Author: Leading `$` unneeded - breaks copy and paste from rendered page.
